[Meeting 11]()         | 22.06.2021
----------------------|-
Protocol organizer    | Mohamad Almortada
Present members       | Saad Bendou, Mohamad Almortada
Absent members        | Sufyan Dahalan
Begin                 | 19:00
End                   | 19:20


Agenda 
---
<!-- What do we plan to discuss -->

- Update our progress about>
  - Data Analysis for news, Reddit and twitter
  - Fix the crawler 

Opened Issues
---
<!-- What else (if not noted in the Agenda section) did we discuss -->
- Saad have found some possible solutions to fix the crawler 

Agreed upon Tasks
---

- Saad will try to apply the solutions he've found
- Mohamad will gather further informations about how to do the analysis.


---
Meeting ended on 22.06.2021 at 19:220. Next meeting will be on the 24.06.2021 at 19:00 via Zoom.
