[Meeting 6](Enter meeting video url here)           | 03.06.2021
----------------------|-
Protocol organizer    | Sufyan Dahalan
Present members       | Saad Bendou, Sufyan Dahalan, Mohamad Almortada
Absent members        | -
Begin                 | 17:00
End                   | 18:14



Agenda 
---
<!-- What do we plan to discuss -->

- Crawlers
    1. Getting crawlers 100% ready
    2. Makefile for pipeline automation
        - Data should be stored under one folder (suggestion: Crawlers/CrawledData/(timestamp)/). Accommodation of this in code is necessary
    3. Crawling for a first version of data
    4. use of toy data
    5. present the google IP ban gathered info
- Partial 02: Analysis
    1. Keywords to look for
    2. repeating features across data
    3. Researching and understanding features. Determining features to look for.
    4. Sentiment analysis (is fear an interesting category?)
    5. Visualizing data to help w/ above points

Opened Issues
---
<!-- What else (if not noted in the Agenda section) did we discuss -->

- Issue 1
    1. Subpoint 1  
    2. Subpoint 2


Agreed upon Tasks
---
- Person A will do task (describe task here and create a github issue for it)

---
Meeting ended on dd.mm.yyyy at hh:mm. Next meeting will be on the dd.mm.yyyy at hh:mm via Zoom.
