
[Meeting 7](Enter meeting video url here)           | 05.06.2021
----------------------|-
Protocol organizer    | Sufyan Dahalan
Present members       | Saad Bendou, Sufyan Dahalan, Mohamad Almortada
Absent members        | -
Begin                 | 17:00
End                   | hh:mm


Agenda 
---
<!-- What do we plan to discuss -->

- Milestone presentation discussion

Opened Issues
---
<!-- What else (if not noted in the Agenda section) did we discuss -->

- Issue 1
    1. Subpoint 1  
    2. Subpoint 2

Agreed upon Tasks
---
- Person A will do task (describe task here and create a github issue for it)

---
Meeting ended on dd.mm.yyyy at hh:mm. Next meeting will be on the dd.mm.yyyy at hh:mm via Zoom.
